RN 38369 (#2720)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Web_apps/Web_apps_Feature_Release_10.4/Web_apps_Feature_Release_10.4.3.md

<!-- MR 10.3.0 [CU12] - FR 10.4.3 -->

A number of enum column issues have been fixed in the Template Editor:

> - Query rows now include both display values and values. This change optimizes performance, especially for rows visible across multiple tables.

Reviewer: Doesn't have anything to do with performance. It mostly prevents confusion when feeding a query row to other places. Previously the display values could not be used in eg: templates

> - Feeding a query row to a component now includes both display values and values. This change helps avoid confusion when selecting a row visible across multiple tables.

Author: @WoutMH, is this better?

Reviewer: looks good

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Feeding a query row to a component now includes both display values and raw values. This change helps avoid confusion when selecting a row visible across multiple tables.
```

> - Template conditions for string columns now rely on display values instead of column values, enhancing consistency and usability. This change improves interactions, especially when interacting with text inputs for discrete columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Template conditions for string columns now rely on the display values instead of the raw values, enhancing consistency and usability. This change improves interactions, especially when interacting with text inputs for discrete columns.
```
